Update app initialization doc (#5770)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/initialization.md

## Initializing the PublicClientApplication object

In order to use MSAL.js, you need to instantiate a `PublicClientApplication` object. You must provide the `client id` (`appId`) of your application.

### Option 1

> Instantiate an application object and initialize it afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instantiate a `PublicClientApplication` object and initialize it afterwards. The `initialize` function is asynchronous and must resolve before invoking other MSAL.js APIs.
```

Author: Updated

};

const msalInstance = new msal.PublicClientApplication(msalConfig);
await msalInstance.initialize();
```

### Option 2

> Invoke a static method to get initialized application object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoke the `createPublicClientApplication` static method which returns an initialized `PublicClientApplication` object. Note that this function is asynchronous.
```

Author: Updated
